hello my name is dwm today they were on location at panama to
Watch the 3D plasma television from the PS 60 series that is equipped with
a butterfly sharp for the image beautiful black values ​​swift and which you on it
internet can be via smart vieira and only janskring
in the death of this beautiful television this is of course a pass of appreciation
but also see what a row are sitting and you also get two active 3d
glasses and of course the necessary manuals guarantee certificates
get the television in 2 different sizes namely 42 capable
is this and then it is now 7 centimeters diagonal
and there is also a 50 in version and then that or a measured meanwhile 27
centimeter has a nice and sleek appearance, just like you're used to
of a plasma television from panasonic has a 3 centimeter thick brussel
with a silver frame
and he also has a big foot, the city also looks very beautiful
it also has a subwoofer of 10 for the speakers of both five-blade
watts which ensures the nice lows
the screen is great for moving from left to right
and therefore even a fact inches thick so it is really a nice picture if you
to the wall
on the side there is a number of connections she sits there the sd card
connection
and you also put the bowl and interface here so you can enter the animals with a smart card
to receive digital television
and you already have the first two connections, there are no fewer than 3
and those are private arm that means that you have TV programs on an external
hard disk rich record
You can also see 3 HDMI connections on the side
and an optical flock
at the bottom you have the component connection and the analog audio
connection
a press card gradient connection antenna and satellite and also an internet
connection but the TV is also equipped with divides you can also just wireless
receive internet and here you see the points of assembly
the television from the sgp six series has a smooth and razor sharp for hd
image thanks to its image refresh of no less than 3000 law so become after eleven
really occur
So it is a plasma TV which means that the image is made up of small ones
pixels that can turn on or off independently of the other pixels
The advantage of this is that you gillet better clubs and also thanks to the IMF with
blackpool technology you have better black values ​​but dark
scenes look nice and then you see a better difference between for example
black and the rocker demanded
The TV from the GT40 series is an active 3D TV and you also get two
Active 3D glasses
it looks like the ad on a 3d by player than a bit of movies with much more
depth
and the funny thing is that you can also put any program in 3d thanks to the 2d
to 3d conversion
after the television from the gps 60 series fresh markets that and so that means
that you can consult applications that you have purchased in the fia correct market
and that all goes nice and fast thanks to the hexacore processor and that
You can also use applications on a home screen
for example, places according to your own wishes so that you can go there immediately
after you want to know more about the renewed viacom noticed busy life
link below
of course you can operate the television with the normal operation but you can
also with you and droid or peppel the voice
with the four people working 2 point 0
then you can simply operate your TV from the couch even with frost control as
if you then press that button, you can give a command with your voice
for example, to raise the volume
volume 20
and so you see that the volume of the television goes to 20
where the boat is on the internet search then you can also say for example
kohl blood internet
and then you see that you have found congo on google
very nice feature this year is the party that is optionally available and that
works via bluetooth and I can do that
on the cda and so I can already say to Jan van hoof and football
draw analysis
after, for example, this player who has been running for too long
and this always had to be deep in yes and so injuries so all your friends
with you football experts
with this television and consumes slightly more power than, for example, a with
television and therefore
comes that and energy class C but before that you get a sharper
and smooth image m he also has no vg mockery but every laptop that
For example, now coming on the market also just has an HDMI connection and
with that you can also easily connect your television
well it is a 3d plasma television with a full hd image that is very fast and smooth
runs thanks to 3000 meters of image refresh
thanks to the internet blackpool technology you can also enjoy the type of black
values ​​and we also the but platform of Panasonic has improved a lot
Panasonic is known for coming up with beautiful plasma television every year
that will certainly not disappoint the film lover if you want this full hd 3d
plasma television from the gps 60 series order the 42 or 50 in version then go
quickly to tv storp.nl or b I thank for watching and until the last century